--- before (live, 6 Oct 15:13)
+++ after (live, 6 Oct 15:16)
@@ -1,11 +1,13 @@
 Privacy policy
-Version 1.0 · In force from launch date (To be confirmed)
-WHAT CHANGED · 5 OCTOBER 2026
+Version 1.1 · In force from 6 October 2026
+WHAT CHANGED · 6 OCTOBER 2026
 A new section 5.2 says how Jeevanto uses a website for you: it signs in with the login you saved, can make you an account there if you say yes, reads a sign-in code that site emails you, and shows you what it filled. You pay, book or confirm yourself.
 Your Vault now holds logins for websites, not payment options. Jeevanto never pays for you (section 3).
 Jeevanto never sends a text, WhatsApp or email as you. It writes the message, and you send it from your own app (section 4).
 Browserbase, which runs the web browser Jeevanto uses on a site for you, is added to the companies that handle your data (section 9).
 Google (section 14): Jeevanto no longer asks to send email from your Gmail, reads only the events in your Google Calendar, and uses Gmail to read a sign-in code a site sends you, once.
+How the website remembers that you're signed in: one sign-in record in your browser, only if you sign in (section 15).
+How we count visits to this website: without cookies and without knowing who you are (sections 9 and 15).
 IN SHORT
 We never train AI on your data, and we never sell it.
 Jeevanto reads only the accounts you choose to connect, what you tell it, and what people in your Circle choose to share with you.
@@ -15,7 +17,7 @@
 Anything it knows, you can take back. A pattern it notices waits for your yes before it's used.
 No one else sees your Jeevanto without your yes. Not your family, not the person who looks after you.
 Delete your account any time, in the app or on our website. Everything goes, and copies in our backups are gone within 7 days. We keep only a scrambled fingerprint, so the free months are given once per person, and what the law makes us keep, such as invoices (section 10).
-This website has no trackers and no ads. It sets one cookie, only if you sign in.
+This website counts visits without cookies and without knowing who you are. No ads, and no tracking. It keeps one sign-in record in your browser, only if you sign in.
 The full policy follows. If anything below seems to say something different from this summary, the full policy applies.
 CONTENTS
 1
@@ -47,7 +49,7 @@
 14
 Google user data
 15
-The website and cookies
+The website: counting visits, and signing in
 16
 Children
 17
@@ -176,6 +178,9 @@
 Browserbase
 Runs the web browser Jeevanto uses on a site for you, when that job doesn't run on your phone. It sees only that job's pages
 Outside India
+Cloudflare
+Counts visits to this website, without cookies (section 15)
+Global
 We keep this list up to date, and change it here before we add a new service.
 We also share data:
 when you ask us to: for example, when Jeevanto signs in or books on a site for you, it gives that site your saved login, or the details the booking needs, and only that site;
@@ -227,8 +232,8 @@
 How it's kept. Your Google sign-in permission (the token Google gives us) is sealed in our vault and is never shown to anyone. The facts Jeevanto keeps are sealed with keys made on your phone (section 12).
 Taking it back. Disconnect Google in the app, under Settings → Connected accounts, or at myaccount.google.com/permissions. From then on Jeevanto reads nothing more, and what it read is deleted unless you choose to keep facts it already found (section 10.3).
 The same rules apply to data from Microsoft, Apple and any other account you connect.
-15  The website and cookies
-jeevanto.com has no trackers and no ads. A visitor who just reads the site gets no cookie. If you sign in on the site, it sets one cookie, just to keep you signed in. It goes when you sign out. Because this cookie is needed for the sign-in you asked for, and nothing else, we don't show a cookie banner.
+15  The website: counting visits, and signing in
+jeevanto.com counts visits without cookies and without knowing who you are: the pages read, where people leave, how they arrived, the kind of device and the country, through Cloudflare Web Analytics. No ads, and no tracking: nothing records what you do on a page. A visitor who just reads the site gets no cookie. This website keeps one sign-in record in your browser, only if you sign in. It goes when you sign out. Because it's needed for the sign-in you asked for, and nothing else, we don't show a cookie banner.
 The site picks up your country from your connection to show the right prices. It doesn't store it.
 16  Children
 Jeevanto is for people aged 18 and over. We don't knowingly collect data from anyone younger. If we learn that an account belongs to someone under 18, we close it and delete its data.
--- before (live, 6 Oct 15:13)
+++ after (live, 6 Oct 15:16)
@@ -1,5 +1,5 @@
 Terms of use
-Version 1.0 · In force from launch date (To be confirmed)
+Version 1.1 · In force from 6 October 2026
 IN SHORT
 Jeevanto is a personal assistant. It helps you keep track of what you've promised, what's coming up and what needs doing, and does things for you when you say go.
 You must be 18 or over to use it.
